Adding information about which prex module supports Page Builder (#566)
magento/merchdocs: src/marketing/page-builder-add-product-recs.md

Use the Product Recommendations content type to add an existing, active [recommendation unit]({% link marketing/create-new-rec.md %}) to a page, block, or dynamic block.

{:.bs-callout-info}

> The Product Recommendations content type in Page Builder is supported in Magento 2.3.1 and later and available in the [Product Recommendations module 3.0.x or later](https://marketplace.magento.com/magento-product-recommendations.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Product Recommendations content type in Page Builder is supported in Magento 2.3.1 and later and available in the [Product Recommendations metapackage versions 3.0.x or later](https://marketplace.magento.com/magento-product-recommendations.html).
```
